I actually love the Drury weather
there's something about having grown up
in Tacoma or just something innately
about gloomy days actually makes me feel
really creative I'm not sure why I've
never understood
why all right here we are we are off to
CES headed to Vegas what's up Sam hey
all right you know all good things wead
to this man right here Jim quick what's
up how many bags are you checking out
one
and I just need her I
get do we really have our own Outlet
[Music]
somewhere we are here at CES about to go
in but before we do I want to talk about
how Market opportunities present
themselves whenever you're looking to
build a business one of the first things
you have to do is identify the human
behavior that you're going to leverage
don't try to change people's behavior
try to Leverage Behavior that's already
there we were just in a cab it was
absolutely hilarious there's all these
people advertising on those TV screens
in the cab but the second you get in the
cabbies reach back behind them they turn
it off mute it they don't ask you if you
want to listen to it they just put it on
mute so if you're an Advertiser in one
of those things you need to know that's
the reality that's the behavior that
you're up against but you can leverage
that by subtitling it and right now if
you were one of the people advertising
in that and you subtitled your ad you'd
be like the only person anybody would
ever pay attention to in that cab
because you'd be the only one that they
can actually engage with so look for
those pieces of human behavior that you
can leverage and you'll kill it all
right now let's go into
CES all right the last time I was here
was for the Olympia bodybuilding
competition is a little bit different
here
[Music]
now here's what I find interesting about
CEs this is basically walking in to a
massive Hall of people placing bets on
the future and what you're looking at is
what everybody believes is going to be
the next big thing but obviously not all
this stuff is going to take off and you
need to be asking yourself what's your
bet on the future because if you're
building something that only works right
now today and you have no vision for how
it works in the future you're going to
miss out right it's the Wayne grety
quote don't skate to where the puck is
Skate to where it's going to be and
that's what this whole place is is
people who think they know where the
puck is going to be and they're placing
a big bet if you guys are looking to
start a company ask yourself what the
bet that you're willing to place on the
[Music]
[Applause]
future I'm always trying to be more
Innovative and things like that you know
trying to think outside the box so I
appreciate all the free content and
things like that that you've been
putting absolutely a thank you so much
for stopping me and saying what's up
yeah definitely cool you too enjoy the
show it's very cool
have you read the book grit by Angela
Duckworth she was a McKenzie consultant
and then left that high-paying job High
powerered New York woman business suit
the whole n leaves it to go teach Middle
School in the New York public school
system and realizes that it's not the
smartest students that succeed and so
she began being obsessed with the
question of if it's not intelligence
what is
[Music]
it you know it's the Darwin quote it's
not the strongest of the species nor the
most intelligent that survives it's the
most adaptive to change so if you look
at us from an evolutionary perspective
the brain is an adaptation machine and
that's why you get somebody who's good
at gymnastics and get somebody who's a
programmer right in the same family you
could get identical twins and put one on
that path and another on another path so
when you really believe to the core of
your being that the human mind is an
adaptation machine you can do whatever
you
[Music]
want if you guys are having that feeling
of having no idea how to get started
whether you're creating a piece of
content building a business you just
don't know what that first step is to
try and get the ball rolling I'm telling
you right now it's networking get get
out there and meet people and have the
guts to tell people what you're trying
to do for years I did Network for years
in fact for more than a decade I didn't
do any networking and I can see very
clearly now that I stunted my own growth
by doing that because there's so many
cool amazing people out there that once
you tell them what your vision is they
want to get involved so get out there
start meeting people tell them what you
want to do you're going to be shocked
how many people are going to want to
jump in and help and help other people
hear what they want to do and see how
you can contribute and that's how this
all goes around and people end up being
able to get some real momentum going so
get out and
[Music]
Network